I don't look very hot mess my hair sadly
to say with school and work I'm so busy
for two weeks my scalp is kind of crazy
okay I'm gonna use extra virgin olive
oil tea tree oil and I'm gonna use
Oh also gonna use whatever shampoo I'm
using as a diamond today I'm just using
this stuff ooh
I don't have a particular shampoo that I
use I just have all these at home yeah
it's four sections and so what I'm gonna
do pretty much it
and take the tools down obviously
I might have so drive you can Bobby here
to drop
all right I just did my finger I'll make
sure I scrub scrub scrub
all right after I'm done with my scalp I
take my favorite dip conditioner and
I'll apply it to my ends just like you
see and let this entire mixture set for
about an hour this way I serve a lot of
time I can treat myself and the
Commission at the same time